README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 🚀 Hello World! I'm Mekhluqat Abdulwehab

### 🎓 Computer Science Student | Adama Science & Technology University
### 💻 Data Science Enthusiast | ML Developer | Problem Solver

![Banner](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=200&section=header&text=Mekhluqat%20Abdulwehab&fontSize=50&fontAlignY=35&animation=fadeIn)

</div>

## 🌟 About Me
I'm a Computer Science student at Adama Science & Technology University (ASTU), passionate about Data Science, Machine Learning, and building innovative solutions. Currently focused on mastering Python and ML algorithms while working on university projects.

## 📊 GitHub Statistics
**Here are my GitHub metrics:**

| Metric | Count |
|--------|-------|
| **Total Stars Earned** | ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mekhlua?labelColor=black&color=yellow) |
| **Total Commits** | ![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/mekhlua?labelColor=black&color=green) |
| **Total Pull Requests** | ![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/mekhlua?labelColor=black&color=blue) |
| **Total Issues** | ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mekhlua?labelColor=black&color=red) |
| **Contributed to** | ![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mekhlua?labelColor=black&color=purple) |

## 🟩 Contribution Activity
![GitHub Contributions](https://ghchart.rshah.org/mekhlua)

## 🎯 Currently...
- 🔭 **Working on:** Data Science projects and university assignments at ASTU
- 🌱 **Learning:** Advanced Python, Machine Learning algorithms, and Data Visualization
- 👯 **Looking to collaborate on:** Open source Data Science or FinTech projects
- 🤔 **Looking for help with:** Scaling machine learning models
- 💬 **Ask me about:** Python, Data Analysis, and my projects on credit risk or fraud detection
- 📫 **How to reach me:** [mekhluqat@gmail.com](mailto:mekhluqat@gmail.com)
- ⚡ **Fun fact:** I enjoy turning complex data into clear, actionable insights!

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
**Programming & Data Science:**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=flat&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)

**Tools & Platforms:**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)

## 🌟 Featured Projects
Here are some of my key Data Science projects. Click to explore!
- [💳 Credit Risk Probability Model](https://github.com/mekhlua/credit-risk-probability-model)
- [🚨 Fraud Detection for E-commerce & Banking](https://github.com/mekhlua/fraud-detection-for-e-commerce-and-bank-transactions)
- [📈 Insurance Risk Analytics](https://github.com/mekhlua/insurance-risk-analytics)
- [🔮 PCA Visualization Tool](https://github.com/mekhlua/PCA-visualisation)

---
<div align="center">
    <i>“Data is the new oil, but AI is the refinery.”</i>
</div>

Commit message:

Revise GitHub statistics with interactive links
Updated GitHub metrics section with clickable links for live data.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 🚀 Hello World! I'm Mekhluqat Abdulwehab

### 🎓 Computer Science Student | Adama Science & Technology University
### 💻 Data Science Enthusiast | ML Developer | Problem Solver

![Banner](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=200&section=header&text=Mekhluqat%20Abdulwehab&fontSize=50&fontAlignY=35&animation=fadeIn)

</div>

## 🌟 About Me
I'm a Computer Science student at Adama Science & Technology University (ASTU), passionate about Data Science, Machine Learning, and building innovative solutions. Currently focused on mastering Python and ML algorithms while working on university projects.

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

Here are my key GitHub metrics. You can click the links to view the live data on my profile:

- **📈 GitHub Profile Overview:** [github.com/mekhlua](https://github.com/mekhlua)
- **⭐ Total Stars Earned:** View on my [repositories page](https://github.com/mekhlua?tab=repositories)
- **📦 Total Commits (Past Year):** Tracked on my [contribution graph](https://github.com/mekhlua)
- **🔄 Pull Requests & Issues:** Managed via my repositories' [Pull Requests](https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Amekhlua) and [Issues](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Amekhlua) tabs.
- **🤝 Contributed To:** I'm actively looking for open-source projects to contribute to!


## 🟩 Contribution Activity
![GitHub Contributions](https://ghchart.rshah.org/mekhlua)

## 🎯 Currently...
- 🔭 **Working on:** Data Science projects and university assignments at ASTU
- 🌱 **Learning:** Advanced Python, Machine Learning algorithms, and Data Visualization
- 👯 **Looking to collaborate on:** Open source Data Science or FinTech projects
- 🤔 **Looking for help with:** Scaling machine learning models
- 💬 **Ask me about:** Python, Data Analysis, and my projects on credit risk or fraud detection
- 📫 **How to reach me:** [mekhluqat@gmail.com](mailto:mekhluqat@gmail.com)
- ⚡ **Fun fact:** I enjoy turning complex data into clear, actionable insights!

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
**Programming & Data Science:**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=flat&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)

**Tools & Platforms:**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)

## 🌟 Featured Projects
Here are some of my key Data Science projects. Click to explore!
- [💳 Credit Risk Probability Model](https://github.com/mekhlua/credit-risk-probability-model)
- [🚨 Fraud Detection for E-commerce & Banking](https://github.com/mekhlua/fraud-detection-for-e-commerce-and-bank-transactions)
- [📈 Insurance Risk Analytics](https://github.com/mekhlua/insurance-risk-analytics)
- [🔮 PCA Visualization Tool](https://github.com/mekhlua/PCA-visualisation)

---
<div align="center">
    <i>“Data is the new oil, but AI is the refinery.”</i>
</div>
